README.md, before:

# Hey! 🦩 I’m Katy Kolarova

## Happy to meet you! 🌷 

## About me

**Aspiring frontend developer with 12 years of experience in digital marketing.**

Throughout my career, I have gained expertise in content creation, SEO, user experience, and website project management, all of which have sparked my passion for building intuitive, user-centric web applications.

My journey into frontend development began as a personal challenge. I aimed to become an equal partner in communication with programmers. However, the deeper I delved into frontend development, the clearer it became to me that this was the right path for me.

Now, after two years of study and working on my own projects, I can confidently say that I am ready for a role as a junior frontend developer. I believe that my experience from the other side of the table can bring more customer understanding to a team, as well as a fresh perspective.

My flagship project is Mamakoduje.cz, a personal blog built with React Vite, Firebase database and Cloudinary storage. This blog serves as a space to share my experiences as a self-taught developer and a mother, detailing my learning process, course reviews, and the ups and downs of balancing motherhood with career growth.

You can check out the project on my [GitHub repository](https://github.com/katykola/mama-koduje) or visit the live blog [here](https://mamakoduje-cc7d1.web.app/).

### Technical Skills


<div style="display: flex; align-items: center;">
<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vuejs/vuejs-original.svg" alt="Vue.js" width="30" height="30" style="margin-right: 10px;"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="JavaScript" width="30" height="30" style="margin-right: 10px;"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" 
     alt="TypeScript" 
     width="30" 
     height="30" 
     style="margin-right: 10px;" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" alt="HTML" width="30" height="30" style="margin-right: 10px;"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" alt="CSS" width="30" height="30" style="margin-right: 10px;"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" alt="SASS" width="30" height="30" style="margin-right: 10px;"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" alt="Node.js" width="30" height="30" style="margin-right: 10px;"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" alt="MongoDB" width="30" height="30" style="margin-right: 10px;"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" alt="Figma" width="30" height="30" />
  <img src="https://www.11ty.dev/img/logo-github.svg" alt="11ty" width="30" height="30" />
  <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ea765202-a394-4378-9e93-561230ed0419" alt="11ty" width="30" height="30" />
<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" 
     alt="React" 
     width="30" 
     height="30" 
     style="margin-right: 10px;" />

 <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nextjs/nextjs-original.svg" alt="Next.js" width="30" height="30" style="margin-right: 10px;"/>
</svg>
</div>

### Soft Skills

I’m highly motivated, with a track record of working directly on web app projects. Experienced in both collaborative team roles and leadership positions, I’ve worked closely with designers, developers, and project managers to deliver successful projects.

### 📬 Let's Connect

I'm always open to connecting with like-minded professionals and potential employers. Feel free to reach out.

Commit message:

Revise README with updated profile and skills
Updated personal introduction and professional experience details. Added key skills and notable projects sections.

README.md, after:

# Hey! 🦩 I’m Katy Kolarova

## Happy to meet you! 🌷 

## About me

**Frontend developer & integration specialist with 1 year of professional experience and a 12-year background in digital marketing.**

I currently work as an Integration Specialist, integrating autocomplete, search, and recommendation systems into existing e-commerce platforms. I work primarily with JavaScript, TypeScript, Vue.js, and CSS/SCSS to create smooth, user-friendly interfaces that enhance the online shopping experience.

My prior experience in digital marketing, SEO, content creation, and website project management gives me a unique perspective: I understand user needs and business goals, which helps me deliver integrations that are both technically solid and customer-focused.

**Key Skills:**

- JavaScript / TypeScript / Vue.js
- Frontend integration of search, autocomplete, and recommendation modules
- CSS / SCSS styling for responsive and polished interfaces
- E-commerce platform integration
- Digital marketing, SEO, and UX insights

**Notable Projects:**

- E-commerce Integrations: Enhanced multiple online stores with smart search, autocomplete, and product recommendation modules, improving UX and conversion rates.
- Personal Projects: Experimenting with React, Next and JavaScript.

### Technical Skills


<div style="display: flex; align-items: center;">
<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vuejs/vuejs-original.svg" alt="Vue.js" width="30" height="30" style="margin-right: 10px;"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="JavaScript" width="30" height="30" style="margin-right: 10px;"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" 
     alt="TypeScript" 
     width="30" 
     height="30" 
     style="margin-right: 10px;" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" alt="HTML" width="30" height="30" style="margin-right: 10px;"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" alt="CSS" width="30" height="30" style="margin-right: 10px;"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" alt="SASS" width="30" height="30" style="margin-right: 10px;"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" alt="Node.js" width="30" height="30" style="margin-right: 10px;"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" alt="MongoDB" width="30" height="30" style="margin-right: 10px;"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" alt="Figma" width="30" height="30" />
  <img src="https://www.11ty.dev/img/logo-github.svg" alt="11ty" width="30" height="30" />
  <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ea765202-a394-4378-9e93-561230ed0419" alt="11ty" width="30" height="30" />
<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" 
     alt="React" 
     width="30" 
     height="30" 
     style="margin-right: 10px;" />

 <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nextjs/nextjs-original.svg" alt="Next.js" width="30" height="30" style="margin-right: 10px;"/>
</svg>
</div>

### Soft Skills

I’m highly motivated, with a track record of working directly on web app projects. Experienced in both collaborative team roles and leadership positions, I’ve worked closely with designers, developers, and project managers to deliver successful projects.

### 📬 Let's Connect

I'm always open to connecting with like-minded professionals and potential employers. Feel free to reach out.
